       FreeSoft Licensing v1.5.2
About
       
       	We takes pride in open source and free software. However we don't find the majority of open source licensing to be adequate for our organization and the software developed by the community. So we have developed our own licensing to fit our needs and the needs of the user(s).
      	
	The FreeSoft license follows many of the same things that GNU, SimpL and multiple other free, open source licenses however our licenses follow the following guidelines. Please note that it is divided into two sections, hardware and software related projects.
       
	This document discusses the FreeSoft Licensing version 1.5, revision 2. Please note that all non-English versions of this license are unofficial and may have errors. We recommend you regard to this license as much as possible.

Hardware Projects
       
       	Distribution & Download Rights
       	
       		1. The user is able download the blueprints of such hardware for free.
			2. The user is able distribute a unmodified and/or modified version of the blueprints of such hardware without any restrictions.
       	
       	Liability
       	
       		1. In no way is the designer of such blueprints liable for any damages to the end-user or anything under the end-user’s ownership.
    		2. In no way is the designer required to compensate for any monetary or resource lose if a user decides to utilize such blueprints.
    	
    	Modification Rights
    	
    		1. The downloader/end-user of any project blueprint is allowed to modify it accordingly without paying any fees, restrictions or anything that may act as a barrier for such user.
    		2. The user is able to review the blueprint on and offline. If there is no project or blueprint viewing page, the Atlas Open Source Development Team is willing to provide such resources.
    		3. The designer of such blueprints may not display and/or copyright any materials or brand such design and claim it as theirs.
    	
    	Sell / Resell Rights
    	
	    	1. The designer may sell a built model of such blueprint (not the blueprint itself).
			2. The buyer of such product may not resell it, even with modifications. However they are allowed to modify the blueprints and sell their modified built model based such modified blueprint(s).
	
       
Software Projects
       
	Distribution & Download Rights
	
		1. The user is able to download the software (and source code) for free.
		2. Both the developer and user (who may wish to redistribute) may not discriminate against any persons and/or groups when releasing their source code or software.
		3. The user must be able to download the source code, along with it's built form (.exe, .deb, .rpm, .tar.gz, .dmg).
			Note: It is recommended that they be kept separate, however if only the built form is released, within the built form there must be the source code.
			
		4. The FreeSoft License does not require other software distributed with "FreeSoft licensed software" to be under the FreeSoft License. For instance, AOSDT’s project known as AtlasUI is licensed under the FreeSoft Licensing, however it may include GNU-licensed software with it such as GIMP.
	
	Liability
	
		1. In no way is the developer responsible for any harm to your computer when using their software. Unless it is thought to be intentional, the developer is not required to pay for any damages. Thoughts of intention would be the spreading of malware, spyware, viruses and any harmful, data corrupting code.
		2. The user is protected by the license. The user is not required to stop the use of any software, nor can the developer infringe on any of the rights of the user.
		3. To ensure lack of confusion, once a software is released under the AOSDT FreeSoft License v1.5, it is required to stay under that licensing unless otherwise noted under the following cases:
			1. Major Contributors (Developers) no longer develop the program and / or it's source code.
			2. Software is moving over to a updated version of the AOSDT FreeSoft Licensing.
	
	Modification Rights
	
		1. The user is able to freely modify the software and it's source code.
		2. The user is allowed access to the source code online and offline. This means the user is not restricted to viewing such source code to an online resource.
		3. The developer(s) are not allowed to display any "copyright" nor copyright such software, but instead they CAN create something called an Contributor's Page, which displays the list of developers and what changes they have made.
			
			Note: Any User who modifies the code is not required to notify the previous developers, however must include their name and changes they have made in the Contributor's Page. 
			
		4. The user is not required to notify the previous developer of any change(s) to the software or source code(s), however, like always, it is recommend as to embrace the ways of free software and notify the primary developers.
	
	Sell / Resell Rights
	
		1. The Developer(s) of the software(s) can not sell or resell the software and/or it's source code while under the FreeSoft License.
		2. The end-user may not sell the software if it is licensed under the FreeSoft license.
	
     
Difference Between Open Source Licenses and Ours

     	Unlike most licensing, we push for software that is free AS IN FREEDOM and free AS IN COST. We find it pointless for a developer to release the source to his/her program then charge for a built version, when the user can just download the source code and build it themselves. So, to take away this irony, we have decided to require all software to be free. We have also deemed it unnecessary for developers to go on an ego trip by allowing them to copyright their materials, so we have ”banned” such ability and only allowed "Contributors List", as per stated in the Modification Rights point # 3.
