			FreeSoft Licensing v1.5.3

				About

FreeSoft Licensing was designed from the ground-up to be a license
in which users and developers alike can utilize for absolute
freedom and free as in cost.

The major goal of this license is to re-evaluate and establish a
 new paradigm in development that removes boundaries such as
 copyrights and patents, while providing developers and users
 intellectual property rights and a socially acceptable way of
 crediting a developer for their work.

This license aims to protect intellectual rights while removing
 boundaries that prevents other developer from utilizing software
 and code, along with removing boundaries for end users of the
 source code or software.


			  Definitions

"FreeSoft License" refers to version 1.5.3 of the FreeSoft License.

"Copyright" also means copyright-like laws apply to other kinds of
 works.

"Software" refers to any collection of programs or operating
 information utilized by a computer.

"Program"(s) is provided instructions for an automatic performance
 of a task.

		  Terms And Conditions

Software that is free must be free as in cost as well. With that in
 mind, distribution of software or code under the FreeSoft
 Licensing must be free to download, without discrimination towards
 any persons and/or groups, under the requirements that
 distribution of software include a verbatim copy of this
 License.

In the event that such software is distributed in a BUILT form,
 developers and users must be able to download the source code
 either separately, or through a free medium built into the
 software. FreeSoft License does not require other software
 distributed with FreeSoft Licensed software to be licensed under
 such Licensing.

Under circumstances in which such developers of code licensed under
 Freesoft License cease distribution of such software or source
 code, previous nor future developers or end-users of such software
 are not required to cease distribution and withhold their rights
 provided by FreeSoft License.

Under so circumstance is any developer that releases such software
 or code under liability for any damages to any entity or item nor
 is there any warranty requirements provided with distribution of
 such software.


Under no liabilty and with the allowance of distribution and
 downloading, developers and end-users alike are permitted to
 freely modify the software and/or source code along with provided
 acccess to such source code online and offline, hereby nullifying
 requirements for online viewing.

Developers of modified versions of such software, nor the initial
 distributors, are permitted to display any copyright notification
 or copyright such software and are merely permitted to create a
 Contributors page and/or file that displays a list of individuals
 that contributed to such software. Modification of such software
 does not require any future developers to directly contribute code
 or notify previous developers or initial distributors, however such
developers and/or end-users must include previous developer
contributors information.

In the event a license is distributed with FreeSoft Licensing, the
 developer is not permitted to sell, nor is any future developer or
 end user permitted to resell, software and/or source code while
 FreeSoft Licensing.

In the event of modification, developers of modified versions of
 such software and/or source code are not permitted to relicense
 such software unless in the circumstance that the initial
 distributors and/or developers of such software relicense.

In the event of licensing changes, current users are not required
 to cease distribution of their software, their permitted rights
 under FreeSoft Licensing are not waived, and all existing copies
 of FreeSoft licensed software are not relicensed.